1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<< It took me like like 10 hours to complete this project.>>>
   
2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<< 4 >>>

3. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (RSA Library)
      Approach: I created a different function like _sample() to returning the list containing
      random sample, _prime function to get the list containing the prime number between the range
      (lo,hi),where the lo and hi are the value passed by user while calling the function.
      Similarly, _choice function which returned the random value from a list provided in the
      program.These function were used as the sub function to keychain function which Generated and
      returned the public/private keys as a tuple (n, e, d) where the prime number were picked
      between the interval(lo, hi). Function encrypt was also made in the program which Encrypted x
      (int) using the public key (n, e) and returned the encrypted value for x .likewise the
      function decrypted was made which decrypted y (int) using the private key (n, d) and returned
      the decrypted value, function bitLength (Returned the least number of bits needed to represent
       n),dec2bin function (Returned the binary representation of n expressed in decimal, having the
        given width, and padded with leading zeros and bin2dec(Returned the decimal representation
        of n expressed in binary) this function were later used in the main function to encrypt,
        decrypt, find a bit length,binary representation and decimal representation of value.



      Issues and resolution: I had problem while working with _sample() function where i ended up
      having an issue with the fixing the index.


   Problem 2 (Keygen Program)
      Approach: I imported the rsa.py the earlier program we did using import rsa in the program
      . I accepted  lo (int) and hi (int) as command-line arguments under the main function. I got
      the tuple using the function rsa.keygen(lo, hi) which returned the value for the tuple n, e,d
      which  was the function created in earlier program. The three value in tuple was later written
       in output.
      Issues and resolution: I had no issue with the program, I got to learn how to use the function
       made in the ealier program by importing it in another one.

   Problem 3 (Encryption Program)
      Approach: I accepted the public key n and e both int as command line arguments.I got the
      number bits per character calling the function rsa.bitLength() the function from rsa program.I
       accepted the message to encrypt from standard input and ran the loop for each character in
       message which changed each c to integer value using the built in function ord().I encrypted
       the integer calling the encrypt function made in rsa and wrote the encrypted value as width
       long binary system, yet again calling the rsa.dec2bin() followed by newline character.

            Issues and resolution: I had issue while running the loop through all the character of
            the message and encrypting it.

   Problem 4 (Decryption Program)
      Approach: I accepted the  public key n and d as a command line argument. Got the width
      which the  number of bits per character which was gained by calling the function rsa.bitLength
      (n). Then i accepted the msg which was the binary string generated  by the encrypt.py from the
       standard input. I ran the loop from the 0 to length of msg-1 where the loop was incremented
       by the width value we got earlier in the program. I set the s substring of message from i to
       i + width, set y to decimal representation of binary string s calling the function bin2dec
       from rsa.py in this program. I decrypted the value of y using another function decrypt made
       in rsa and wrote  the character corresponding to the decrypted value, obtained using the
        built-in function chr().


      Issues and resolution: I had trouble understanding the meaning what it meant to be substring
      of the binary system.I also had some issue with the indention and all.

4. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

I enjoyed the project very much, I was stressed out due to so bad result in exam one however this
project really made me feel that i am in the track and has encouraged me to work better on another
one. The project really made a lot things easier as always by the help of the comments provided and
the hints given by the professor.
